Where's the joke?
Oh, it's a Oh, it's it's a thing.
Yeah.
Greg, I love you.
It's not something I want to hide from my family.
Jeff.
Yeah, I love you.
That is something I want to.
Yeah.
Please welcome the lovely next bar.
Hello Megan.
Wow, you look sensational.
Is that one of them swanky designer dresses?
I got all dolled up for.
You, well, it's really working.
You really look well.
I mean, well done.
And the show, congratulations, Suits.
It's the number one show on TV.
Thank you.
I mean, it's crazy.
It's like.
People have gone crazy for it and I love it because it's got that thing in it.
What thing might that be?
The the suits.
Right.
And you're a fan of suits?
Yeah, I.
Am I?
I?
Well, I wear a lot of suits in my own life.
So I you call a show suits.
Do you know that's?
A certain fondness you have for it now, just by verge of the name, yes.
I've never seen the show.
Thank you.
What's that about?
It's basically about this guy who's pretending to be a lawyer he's not really, and how he's making it in this firm.
I am the love interest.
Oh, are you a lawyer then?
No, I'm a paralegal.
Well, that's the same as a lawyer, except you jump out of airplanes, right?
That's it exactly.
No, she's trying to be a lawyer and I hope that she can be that at some point.
But for now, no.
The lowly paralegal.
What about you?
Have you ever studied law or went to college or Enki?
I I did go to college.
I went to Northwestern University.
That's.
The big one.
Well hey, thanks my parent my my parents were happy with the.
Children.
I know it's a it's AI, don't know that one.
No, but that doesn't mean anything.
I didn't even go to college.
What did you study at?
College I double majored theatre and international relations and then I went and worked for the US embassy for a bit and here in Argentina I'm Buenos that's.
Sensational when you speak.
Spanish.
I do now, but they have very different kind of Spanish.
It's Castigiano, so it almost sounds like Italian, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Exactly.
What's the common ago?
Yeah.
You didn't know I spoke Italian did.
You didn't.
So you speak a lot of different languages or just that?
I studied French for eight years and now it's deplorable.
I can't remember anything which is I.
Think the word you're looking for is.
Yes, that's exactly what I see.
My point?
Exactly.
Have you ever been to Paris?
I have.
Did you meet James Marsden when you were there?
I didn't.
We should have crossed paths.
Yeah, I think he would have been fine with that.
Yeah.
Where when were you in Paris?
What did you did you study?
There or I did not.
I was actually just in Paris a couple a couple months ago with one of my cast mates we went for a wedding just for.
Really.
Yeah, 'cause we film in Toronto, so it's not too far.
Toronto, Canada.
Yes, that's the big one.
The land.
Yes, I know a lot more about Maple syrup now.
No, actually Toronto, I think.
Very international city really, isn't it?
Yeah, it's a very lovely place, almost as nice as Montreal.
I look forward to the lettuce.
Canadians.
But where are you from?
Isn't he?
I'm born and raised here in LA.
Los Angeles.
Yes, I'm one of the five.
You can pinch me.
I'm real.
See.
Oh, yes.
No, I'm from here.
I'm from here.
No.
I just wanted to do it again.
Strangely hairless body you have.
You're quite the dolphin, aren't you?
It's not easy being.
I tell you, you're absolutely hair free.
Well, are you?
Are you a competitive swimmer?
I am not, but if I were to be 1 I think I would get some.
That's what you need to do if you're a competitive swimmer.
Shave yourself entirely.
OK, good.
I did that once in Canada I did, and Winnipeg once I was.
Yeah, I did.
I was snowed in, yeah.
I didn't know what to do, so I shaved my whole body.
That is just.
AI looked like a giant baby.
Just swimming like that.
Yeah, yeah, giant swimming, baby.
Giant swimming, baby.
Yeah, it's like a callback.
You grew up here.
I did.
Are your parents in show business?
My dad is ADP.
Yes, I he was the lighting director.
Director of photography, my dad.
I didn't mean to make it sound so.
It's all right.
It's I'm just.
It's fine.
Help.
Yes.
Yeah, thank you.
Has he been on anything?
I would know.
There was a show called Married with Children.
Do you seen?
It seen it.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, so I grew up on the set of Married with Children.
Every day after school for 10 years I was there.
Wow.
I know it's a very perverse place for a little girl who went to Catholic school, no less, to grow up because I'm there in my school uniform, Right.
And then the guests.
Joke.
It's a joke, kind of a joke and.
Then the guest stars would be like Tracy Lords, Tia Carrera.
You know these.
Yeah.
Those are some, yeah, yeah.
Some women, yeah.
And so, yeah.
They must have been interested in you walking around in your little schoolgirl outfit.
Did they think you were working on the show?
Perhaps?
Thankfully, no.
Come on.
Curly, curly hair and gap in my teeth and yeah.
Did you see the rest of the people on the show?
That's fine.
Yeah, I guess it could have worked.
I mean, they watched me grow.
So is your hair curly naturally then?
Is that what you're saying?
It doesn't remember what it once was, but yes, I don't.
I mean, Once Upon a time it was curly.
Yeah, really.
Yeah, I had very curly hair.
Did you know?
I bet it's.
I have to iron it to get it like that.
Iron it, lots of product you do.
Yeah, I like to put products in my hair.
You.
Do you have great?
Hair, yeah, but products from the supermarket such actually produce.
That's why I like.
Yeah, yeah, I like.
Puree some broccoli.
Broccoli and other vegetables for.
Oh, fibre in your hair.
Yeah.
Fibre, I think that's a strong choice.
Thanks.
Yeah, we should be best friends.
We'll have a little broccoli slumber party.
Megan's also my wife's name.
Is it really?
Does she spell it with an H?
No.
Too poor as a child?
They can only get the five letter I'm.
Afraid we can't afford the extra H?
You can either keep the child and lose the H, or keep the H and lose the child, whatever you prefer.
Amazing.
Yeah, they kept her.
And now you have the good fortune of having her.
Megan.
No H.
No, H That's what I call it.
Yeah.
It's a joke, baby.
It's a joke.
Oh no, it's fine, fine.
Well, let's call her Meg.
And we're both.
Don't call her Meg.
She didn't like that.
Do you like getting called Meg?
Yeah, I get called Meg Nutmeg.
Nutmeg.
All right, let's do an awkward pause and get you out of here.
OK, Yeah.
None.